BASE PAPER : A nutrient recommendation system for soil fertilization based 
		 on Evolutionary Computation
(01-10-2021)

**This paper develops a model that enables efficient exploration of correct usage of
 nutrients (such as N, P and K) for developing a knowledge-based system for the ICT
(Information and Communication Technology) environment. Develop knowledge is then 
applied directly to the environment, which recommends balancing soil fertility and 
crop production.**

SUMMARY:
Each sensor in the remote area has its set of nutrient levels. The sensor values are
stored locally and sent to the database based on intervals (weekly, monthly, yearly).
All sensors for each nutrient are collected and merged through the Internet to log 
the extensive data set of the remote area. The designed algorithm is then applied 
and optimize for sequence nutrients for decision-making.The objective of the 
developed model is to maintain soil fertility (maintaining nutrient levels) and 
increase crop production (yield) simultaneously.

SIMILARITY TO OUR PROJECT:
This model used the series of data of the same cultivated area and then recommended 
the nutrient level before the crop. Compared to the traditional approach that only 
utilities the previous or current state of the soil, the developed model can 
recommend a set of nutrient levels and maximize the yield production. 

DIFFERENCES TO OUR PROJECT:
This model doesn't account for rainfall patterns and eventually fails to prevent 
the leaching of soil.

ALGORITHM USED:
This paper proposes nutrient recommendations through an improved genetic algorithm
that uses time-series sensor data.

Q. What is EC (Evolutionary Computation) ?	
-> Evolutionary Computing is the study of computational systems which use ideas and 
get inspirations from natural evolution and other biological systems.

Q. What is Genetic Algorithm ?	
-> A genetic algorithm is a search heuristic that is inspired by Charles Darwin’s 
theory of natural evolution.	
-> This algorithm reflects the process of natural selection where the fittest 
individuals are selected for reproduction in order to produce offspring of the 
next generation.	
-> Five phases are considered in a genetic algorithm.	
	1.Initial population: 
			*The process begins with a set of individuals which is called a 
Population. Each individual is a solution to the problem you want to solve.
			*An individual is characterized by a set of parameters (variables) known as Genes. 
Genes are joined into a string to form a Chromosome (solution).
	2.Fitness function:
			*The fitness function determines how fit an individual is 
(the ability of an individual to compete with other individuals). It gives fitness
score to each and every individual.
	3.Selection:
			*The idea of selection phase is to select the fittest individuals
 and let them pass their genes to the next generation.
	4.Crossover:
			*The new offspring are added to the population.
	5.Mutation:
			*In certain new offspring formed, some of their genes can be 
subjected to a mutation with a low random probability.
	
-> The algorithm terminates if the population has converged (does not produce offspring which are 
significantly different from the previous generation). Then it is said that the genetic algorithm has 
provided a set of solutions to our problem.	
-> The population has a fixed size. As new generations are formed, individuals with least fitness die, 
providing space for new offspring.	
	
Q. What is Time Series ?	
-> A time series is a sequence of observations taken sequentially in time.	

