SLIDE 1: saranya.s

SLIDE 2,3 : SRIPONBALA.K
Farmers need a competent guidance to use the fertilisers at the best in order to
acheive higher yields and reduce fertiliser loss.

If the rainfall is moderate and falls at right moment then it help nutrients to 
penetrate the soils rooting zone and dissolve dry feritliser otherwise too much 
rain can increase the possibility of runoff at which nutrients like nitrogen,
phosporous,potassium which are quite crucial are present in the soil.Thus it indicates
the connection between rainfall volume and nutrient loss.

And we have taken the literature survey over 20 papers within the year 2019 - 2022 
to address this issue.

SLIDE 10 : SARANGAM SAI INDU
The two main objective of our project is :
	1. To provide an intelligent and optimistic decision for the farm system to 
optimise fertiliser usage in terms of NPK.
	2. To slow down leaching process.

SLIDE 11: SARANYA.S
The description of each component in the block diagram is 
1.Input - user provides data such as crop,city,state
2.then the weather API send weather details like temperature,rainfall,humidity,etc
3.the Besttimetofertilise component determines the best time to fertilise using the 
fetched weather data.
4. The NPKEstimator component estimates the required ratio of NPK content in soil
5.output displays the NPK ratio 

In this data flow diagram, input is taken from the user on webapp then the location is 
fed to weather API which returns certain characteristics like temaparature, humidity, rainfall
Now there is a check if there is possibility of heavy rainfall then precautionary message is
displayed otherwise the proposed algorithm is followed and output is displayed.

SLIDE 12: SWATHI.A
Our methodology is to Build a machine learning model to predict the nutrients like Nitrogen,
phosporous, potassium required for the crop based on weather forecast using various machine 
learning algorithm.
Based on the accuracy we get for each algorithm we will be finalising the one.
The finalised ML model is connected to the webapp created using flask. 


